Document how to selectively embed links (#90)
WP-API/docs: using-the-rest-api/global-parameters.md

Embed mode is enabled if the `_embed` parameter is passed in the query string (GET parameter). This parameter does not require a value (i.e. `?_embed` is valid), however can be passed "1" as a value if required by a client library.

> As of WordPress 5.4, the resources to embed can be limited by passing a list link relations to the `_embed` parameter. For example, `/wp/v2/posts?_embed=author,replies` will only embed the post's author and comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of WordPress 5.4, the resources to embed can be limited by passing a list of link relation names to the `_embed` parameter. For example, `/wp/v2/posts?_embed=author,replies` will only embed the post's author and comments.
```
I'd also like to see an example for terms or some other non-single-english-word relation like `wp:term`

Author: Makes sense. added.
